v6.5: update basic-features.md (#11540)
pingcap/docs: basic-features.md

| [Window Functions](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md) | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y            |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |
| [Common Table Expressions (CTE)](/sql-statements/sql-statement-with.md)| Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y  | Y            |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      N       |      N       |
| `START TRANSACTION`, `COMMIT`, `ROLLBACK`                    | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y            |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |
| [`EXPLAIN`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-explain.md)        | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y            |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |
| [`EXPLAIN ANALYZE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-explain-analyze.md) | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y            |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |
| [User-defined variables](/user-defined-variables.md)        | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental |

> | [`BATCH [ON COLUMN] LIMIT INTEGER DELETE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-batch.md) | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`BATCH [ON COLUMN] LIMIT INTEGER DELETE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-batch.md) | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |
| [`BATCH [ON COLUMN] LIMIT INTEGER INSERT/UPDATE/REPLACE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-batch.md) | Y | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |
```

| [`SET CONFIG`](/dynamic-config.md)                           | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Experimental| Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental |
| [DM WebUI](/dm/dm-webui-guide.md) | Experimental| Experimental| Experimental | Experimental| Experimental | Experimental | N | N | N | N | N | N |
| [Foreground Quota Limiter](/tikv-configuration-file.md#foreground-quota-limiter)  | Y | Y | Y | Y| Experimental | Experimental | N | N | N | N | N | N |
| [EBS volume snapshot backup and restore](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.4/backup-to-aws-s3-by-snapshot)                        |    Y    |    Y    |    N     |    N     |    N    |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |  N        |
| [PITR](/br/backup-and-restore-overview.md)   |    Y    |    Y    |    Y     |    Y     |    N    |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |  N        |

[^1]: TiDB incorrectly treats latin1 as a subset of utf8. See [TiDB #18955](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18955) for more details.

> [^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the functions listed by querying the [tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index](/system-variables#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) system variable have been tested and can be used for creating expression indexes in production environments, and more functions will be supported in future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, they are not recommended for use in a production environment. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.

Author: @songrijie PTAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the expression indexes created on the functions listed by system variable [tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index](/system-variables#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) have been tested and can be used in production environments, and more functions will be supported in the future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, the corresponding expression indexes are not recommended in a production environment. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.
```

> [^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the expression indexes created on the functions listed by system variable [tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index](/system-variables#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) have been tested and can be used in production environments, and more functions will be supported in the future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, the corresponding expression indexes are not recommended in a production environment. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.

Author: ```suggestion
[^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the expression indexes created on the functions listed by the [tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index](/system-variables#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) system variable have been tested and can be used in production environments, and more functions will be supported in the future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, the corresponding expression indexes are not recommended for use in a production environment. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.
```

> [^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the expression indexes created on the functions listed by the [tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index](/system-variables#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) system variable have been tested and can be used in production environments, and more functions will be supported in the future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, the corresponding expression indexes are not recommended for use in a production environment. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.

Author: ```suggestion
[^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the expression indexes created on the functions listed by the [tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index](/system-variables#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) system variable have been tested and can be used in production environments, and more functions will be supported in the future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, the corresponding expression indexes are not recommended for use in production environments. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.
```

| [Lock View](/information-schema/information-schema-data-lock-waits.md) | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y            |      Y       |      Y       | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental |
| [`SHOW CONFIG`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-show-config.md) | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y |
| [`SET CONFIG`](/dynamic-config.md)                           | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Experimental| Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental | Experimental |
| [DM WebUI](/dm/dm-webui-guide.md) | Experimental| Experimental| Experimental | Experimental| Experimental | Experimental | N | N | N | N | N | N |
| [Foreground Quota Limiter](/tikv-configuration-file.md#foreground-quota-limiter)  | Y | Y | Y | Y| Experimental | Experimental | N | N | N | N | N | N |
| [EBS volume snapshot backup and restore](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.4/backup-to-aws-s3-by-snapshot)                        |    Y    |    Y    |    N     |    N     |    N    |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |  N        |

> | [PITR](/br/backup-and-restore-overview.md)   |    Y    |    Y    |    Y     |    Y     |    N    |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |  N        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [PITR](/br/backup-and-restore-overview.md)   |    Y    |    Y    |    Y     |    Y     |    N    |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |  N        |
| [Global memory control](/configure-memory-usage.md#configure-the-memory-usage-threshold-of-a-tidb-server-instance)   |    Y    |    Experimental    |    N     |    N     |    N    |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |  N        |
```

[^1]: TiDB incorrectly treats latin1 as a subset of utf8. See [TiDB #18955](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18955) for more details.

> [^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the expression indexes created on the functions listed by the [tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index](/system-variables#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) system variable have been tested and can be used in production environments, and more functions will be supported in the future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, the corresponding expression indexes are not recommended for use in production environments. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the expression indexes created on the functions listed by the [`tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index`](/system-variables#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) system variable have been tested and can be used in production environments, and more functions will be supported in the future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, the corresponding expression indexes are not recommended for use in production environments. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.
```

| [Transactional `LOAD DATA`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-load-data.md)                                 | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y  | Y           | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            | N [^5]       |
| [Database migration toolkit (DM)](/migration-overview.md)                                               | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y  | Y           | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            |
| [TiDB Binlog](/tidb-binlog/tidb-binlog-overview.md)                                                     | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y  | Y   | Y    | Y    | Y    | Y    | Y    |
| [Change data capture (CDC)](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md)                                                   | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y  | Y           | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            |
| [Stream data to Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, and NFS through TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage.md) | Experimental | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |

> 

Author: ```suggestion
| [TiCDC supports bidirectional replication across multiple clusters](/ticdc/ticdc-bidirectional-replication.md) | Y | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |

```

| [Transactional `LOAD DATA`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-load-data.md)                                 | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y  | Y           | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            | N [^5]       |
| [Database migration toolkit (DM)](/migration-overview.md)                                               | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y  | Y           | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            |
| [TiDB Binlog](/tidb-binlog/tidb-binlog-overview.md)                                                     | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y  | Y   | Y    | Y    | Y    | Y    | Y    |
| [Change data capture (CDC)](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md)                                                   | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y | Y  | Y           | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            | Y            |
| [Stream data to Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, and NFS through TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage.md) | Experimental | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |

> | [TiCDC supports bidirectional replication between two clusters](/ticdc/ticdc-bidirectional-replication.md) | Y | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |

Author: ```suggestion
| [TiCDC supports bidirectional replication between two TiDB clusters](/ticdc/ticdc-bidirectional-replication.md) | Y | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |
```

> | [TiCDC supports bidirectional replication across multiple clusters](/ticdc/ticdc-bidirectional-replication.md) | Y | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |

Author: ```suggestion
| [TiCDC supports bidirectional replication between two clusters](/ticdc/ticdc-bidirectional-replication.md) | Y | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |
```

| [DM WebUI](/dm/dm-webui-guide.md) | Experimental| Experimental| Experimental | Experimental| Experimental | Experimental | N | N | N | N | N | N |
| [Foreground Quota Limiter](/tikv-configuration-file.md#foreground-quota-limiter)  | Y | Y | Y | Y| Experimental | Experimental | N | N | N | N | N | N |
| [EBS volume snapshot backup and restore](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.4/backup-to-aws-s3-by-snapshot)                        |    Y    |    Y    |    N     |    N     |    N    |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |  N        |
| [PITR](/br/backup-and-restore-overview.md)   |    Y    |    Y    |    Y     |    Y     |    N    |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |  N        |
| [Global memory control](/configure-memory-usage.md#configure-the-memory-usage-threshold-of-a-tidb-server-instance)   |    Y    |    Experimental    |    N     |    N     |    N    |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |    N     |  N        |

[^1]: TiDB incorrectly treats latin1 as a subset of utf8. See [TiDB #18955](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18955) for more details.

> [^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the expression indexes created on the functions listed by the [`tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index`](/system-variables#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) system variable have been tested and can be used in production environments, and more functions will be supported in the future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, the corresponding expression indexes are not recommended for use in production environments. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.

Author: ```suggestion
[^2]: Starting from v6.5.0, the expression indexes created on the functions listed by the [`tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index`](/system-variables.md#tidb_allow_function_for_expression_index-new-in-v520) system variable have been tested and can be used in production environments, and more functions will be supported in the future releases. For functions not listed by this variable, the corresponding expression indexes are not recommended for use in production environments. See [expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) for details.
```
